I mention that the four angler will use typescript not javascript.
Well kind of typescript is just an extension to Javascript the way it works is that typescript Indiana
offers more features than javascript even more futurist in Essex but it also covers a lot of the features
iOS 6 will enter use like classes and so on but beyond Klaas's it also offers types and interfaces.
So these are features as 6000 offer types actually are the reason why it's named typescript in typescript.
We have strong typing which means when we define a variable we also have to define which type this variable
will hold.
In normal javascript if you have a variable you can assign any type and you can change that type during
runtime.
You could have a variable which holds a string initially and later holds a number not with typescript
and therefore typescript and this extra type checking gives you extra security or extra safety I should
say when you develop your code because before your code gets compiled to javascript that before it runs
on the browser typescript will check your code and we'll find out if you are using some variables in
a wrong way if you assign a wrong value or a wrong type to a variable so that indeed is a very nice
feature.
But of course typescript doesn't run like this in the browser.
It's a language developed by Microsoft and it's not supported by browsers.
However what does run in the browser is javascript S-5 5 and pretty much all browsers iOS 6 and some
of the browsers.
So typescript in the end always compiles to Javascript the typescript compiler estus one of the Futurist
types can ships with and to set up little use in this module automatically has this compiler included.
So we will write types code.
But what people get in the end and what runs in the browser is javascript code.
Now why don't we just write our English code in javascript to begin with and skip that type of part
because Engler embraces typescript It uses many of the features type offers like classes which of course
are all offered by iOS 6 but here to have some extra features like interfaces like decorator's.
I will come back to debt and types them selfs.
So if you want to learn angler make sure you use typescript.
You might want to pick an extra course covering typescript you won't need for this module I will explain
the basics here.
But you should also be fine just starting with it and learning time along the way.
It's not that complicated especially if you have a background in the novel strongly typed language like
C-sharp.
But in the end it really is a great improvement.
But if you need to stick to vanilla javascript absolutely don't want to use typescript angler probably
isn't the language of FREYBERG.
You should use.
Now with that out of the way.
Enough of the talking.
Let's finally set up our first Igor project and learn how we can set it up.